1. What would you consider your area of technical expertise?
    Designing, developing and implementing Restful APIs.
    Designing & architecting distributed systems
    Designing, developing single page web applications using angular/react
    Creating/Configuring CI/CD pipelines for applications

2. What is most important to you for a new position?
    Opportunities to grow and progress within the company.
    Scope to make a positive impact on shaping-up the product/application and on the team.

3. Why are you considering a new position? (Please provide specific reasons.)
    I learned valuable skills in last 8.5 years at my current role got promoted three times, but I am no longer feeling
    challenged with the work. I am ready for new challenges and chance to make an impact in my new role/position.

4. Please describe your experience leading (either formally or informally) a group/team in a project?
    I believe a great leader is someone who can make good decisions while also taking into account opinions and feelings of
    his team members. Also, willing to admit when he is wrong and adopt.

    In my current role, I’m responsible for leading a team of nine, which includes supervising, managing, training and
    mentoring them. I enjoy the responsibility of leadership and I strive to make my team and project/product successful and
    create a positive impact in the organization. In my current team, three people got promoted in last few years while I
    was mentoring them.

    I was able to successfully lead many initiatives from idea inception stage to final product and deliver to customers on
    time which had substantial impact on business I was supporting.

5. Why you interested in our company (Grubhub)?

6. Tell me about a time where you disagreed with a product manager and how you resolved the situation?

7. What is your greatest strength?
    Action and Detail oriented(Results oriented), Positive Attitude, Persistence and Perfectionist/Determined

8. What is your weakness?
    Take on too much responsibility and Perfectionist